docs: add transparent proxy visual aid (#12211)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/transparent-proxy.mdx

# Transparent Proxy

Transparent proxy allows applications to communicate through the mesh without changing their configuration.

> It also hardens application security by preventing direct inbound connections that bypass the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transparent proxy also hardens application security by preventing direct inbound connections that bypass the mesh.
```

#### Without Transparent Proxy

![Diagram demonstrating that without transparent proxy, applications must "opt in" to connecting to its dependencies through the mesh](/img/consul-connect/without-transparent-proxy.png)

Without transparent proxy, application owners need to:

1. Explicitly configure upstream services, choosing a local port to access them.
1. Change application to access `localhost:<chosen port>`.
1. Configure application to listen only on the loopback interface to prevent unauthorized
   traffic from bypassing the mesh.

#### With Transparent Proxy

![Diagram demonstrating that with transparent proxy, connections are automatically routed through the mesh](/img/consul-connect/with-transparent-proxy.png)

With transparent proxy:

1. Upstreams are inferred from service intentions, so no explicit configuration
   is needed.

> 1. Outbound connections to KubeDNS names "just work" — rules redirect them
>    through the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Outbound connections pointing to a KubeDNS names resolve and connect. Internal rules redirect them through the proxy.
```
I'm trying to make this statement seem less magical. The rules part could probably use a better description.
